---
title: "home"
bg: white
color: black
style: center
---

### *Juan Pablo Quevedo*
{: .text-purple}
<style>
.img-circular {
  width: 200px;
  height: 200px;
  float: none;
  margin: 0 auto;
  background-image: url('img/juan_pablo.jpeg');
  background-size: cover;
  border-radius: 100px;
  -webkit-border-radius: 100px;
  -moz-border-radius: 100px;
}
</style>

<div class="img-circular">
</div>

Juan Pablo easily establishes rapport with groups with his warm, amiable manner and natural curiosity for the opinions of others. Consumers/ patients/ decision makers rapidly sense that he is a listener, genuinely interested in what each and every participant has to say, and their answers tend to go beyond the surface. Post session feedback from facility recruiters is telling: “.. the group didn’t want to leave/ they seem to have fun talking/ they really enjoyed it.”
His non-directive approach added to his enthusiasm to hear from everyone, generates rich feedback.  Juan has the knack to elicit the expression of feelings which he skillfully translates into actionable, strategic insights.
Juan holds a B.Sc. in Psychology from Universidad de los Andes in Bogotá, Colombia and has moderated hundreds of focus groups, IDI’s and ethnographies in CPG and Pharma/ Healthcare (OTC, DTC, Rx). A native Spanish speaker, he is also bicultural. Having learned English as a child, he earned a Proficiency in English Diploma with Honors from the University of Michigan. He is a strategic thinker particularly in his area of expertise: Researching and nourishing communication effectiveness grounded on stopping power, and emotional engagement to build brand advocacy, the holy grail of modern marketing.
